Instructor: If we look at the backdoor or the Trojan
that we generated so far, we can see that it's very cool.
First of all, it has an icon that represents a file
that the target person is interested in.
When it's executed, it shows a normal file that,
again, the target person is interested in.
So it shows an image or a PDF,
or anything that we want really.
And at the same time, it's gonna execute our evil code
in the background, which will allow us to hack
the target computer or do whatever that we want.
The only problem with this file is,
if you look here at the end of the file,
you can see that it's .exe.
Now, in most cases, you probably won't see the .exe
because Windows would be configured to hide it.
But if it's not hiding it, then it's obvious that this file
is an executable because it ends with a .exe.
So what I wanna show you today is how to spoof this
and change this to something that corresponds to the file.
So if we're trying to make our backdoor look like a PDF,
then you can make this look like a .pdf.
If we're trying to make the file look like an image,
then you wanna make this look like a .jpg or a .png,
or an extension that represents the image.
So in our case, we're trying to make it look like an image.
So I'm gonna try to make this end with a .jpg.
To do that, we're gonna use
a right to left override character.
And before I show you how to do that,
I'm just gonna rename this and just literally copy the name.
I'm just gonna go and rename and copy everything here,
and I'm just gonna paste it in my text editor
so that when I'm modifying things,
it's clear to you what I'm doing.
Okay, now the first thing that I'm gonna do
is I'm just gonna type the new file name that I wanna use.
And for the new file name, I'm not gonna use gtr-image,
I'm just gonna use gtr, okay?
And this is obviously gonna have to be .exe.
Now, instead of this exe,
I actually want to have a .jpg,
but that's not possible because if I do that,
the file is not gonna be an executable.
So to do this, I'm gonna try to get the text
to be read from right to left,
using a right to left override character.
So because the text is gonna be read from right to left,
we're gonna type this extension after the file name,
but we're gonna spell it from right to left.
So we're gonna spell it as G-P-J in here,
So we're gonna put gpj.
Again, this is just the extension that we want to use,
but we're spelling it from right to left.
So we're spelling it G-P-J instead of J-P-G.
Now, what I wanna do is I wanna put
a right to left character in here.
So basically, when I put that character in here,
the text, anything that comes in after that character
will be read from right to left.
So all this is gonna be flipped,
and basically the file name is going to be called gtrexe.
And this is gonna be right from right to left,
so it's gonna be .jpg.
So let me do it, and you'll see what I mean by that.
So to get that character, you wanna go here on the search
and you just wanna search for right to left override.
And you can see, we have it in here.
And if you click on it, you'll just see a button
that will allow you to copy that character.
So I'm just gonna click on copy,
and that will basically just copy the character for me.
Now, I'm gonna come in here.
And, again, once I paste it in here,
anything that comes after that character
will be read from right to left.
So we're gonna start in here,
and it's gonna be read as exe.jpg.
I'm gonna put the cursor here and I'm gonna paste,
and as you can see,
now the file name is called gtrexe.jpg.
Now, again, I'm gonna remove the character
back to normal.
If I paste it,
everything is being read from right to left,
and the file name is gonna be called gtrexe.jpg.
Now, when you're using a file name like this,
in my case it looks fine because I'm already using
a name of a car, which is called GTR.
And if you're sending it to a person, they might think
the exe is just a special edition of this car.
If you're using this as a book or as something else,
you wanna think of a name that ends with ex.
So for example, there's a lot of names.
So you can think of reflex, hex, sex, and so on.
Anything that ends up with an E-X
will be a good name to use in here.
So I have my name now, I'm just gonna copy this,
and then I'm gonna rename this.
And that's it.
And as you can see, now my file is called gtrexe.jpg.
Now, you can send this file the way it is to the target,
but I don't wanna send it like this
because some recent browsers are removing
the right to left override when downloading the file.
So what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna add this to an archive.
So I'm gonna right click it and compress,
and we'll just add this to an archive called gtrjpg.
And we have our archive here.
This way, when the file is downloaded,
the browser will not replace the right to left override.
So we're all done now, I'm gonna copy this,
paste it in my evil files.
And then we're gonna go
and download it from the Windows machine.
Now, I'm actually already listening
for incoming connections here.
I've showed you how to do this before,
so if you don't remember, please go back to that lecture.
I'm gonna go to the Windows machine,
I'm gonna go on my Firefox.
And we're gonna download the file, which is at
http 10.20.14.213,
and the file name is gtrexe.zip.
I'm gonna save this.
And in here, in our downloads, we see the archive.
Now, we're just gonna uncompress it here.
And as you can see now, if you compare this file
to this one, you'll see that this one has an exe format,
this one has a .jpg format.
It has an image icon, and if we double click it,
it will actually show us an image as you can see.
But at the same time, it's gonna execute my backdoor
in the background.
So if I go to the Kali machine,
you'll see that I get a session from that computer.
And just to confirm this, I'm gonna do sysinfo.
And as you can see now, I'm inside that computer
and I have full control over it.
We managed to do this using a file that looks and functions
exactly like an image.
And just like I said before, this method can be used
to make the file look like any other file type,
so you don't have to make it look like an image.
You can use this method to make it look like a PDF,
a song, a video, or anything that you want at all.
You can use the download and execute payload
to combine the backdoor with any file,
and then use this method to change the file extension
to any file extension you want.